ah okay free tea maybe you can use the
pardon now
no thanks here I'm done Oh
tacky is gross you said it I almost had
to barf myself Hey look who are they
that sounds like no way talk about weird
they must be those giant kinds of us
yeah I guess you're right
hey what's ducky doing now pretty ladies
that is so wonderful
no just one or two a lot of running oh
my gosh guys look at that cute little
duck down there he's so adorable or that
you just look guy ever what's your name
Turkey yeah yeah I think I heard you
somewhere weren't you that duck that
always likes to kill Justin Bieber yep
geez and I like the fart hey hi ducky
Justin Bieber oh I hate that guy
alright girls
ah that was hard work okay girl now do
your stuff yeah
you wait here duckie okay okay okay here
for you pretty me now just I'm don't
enjoy the show and what that oh well I
heard rumors that he was weird
please don't hurt me
came here to hurt you are you kidding
but you can go little snake really sweet
thank you
whoa your pretty lady thank you
now prepare to die I've always hated
that kid come on girls let's go now okay
hey wait up why am I always last
they almost Stampede me oh well at least
they were looking where they were going
oh hey look what happened to Justin
beard oh I remember that pretty lady
said she was gonna squash him didn't
really squash him but I did she did her
best hey snake even think about it ducky
I'm not coming nowhere near you that was
bad grammar just now so I don't care I'm
leaving this place
Oh oh dear